This directory contains the scripts that I use to run the various databases using
Dockker.  If you are not familiar with Docker, I highly recommend that you learn
how to use it.  It basically is the way to build a self-contained system for a
single purpose that is easy to manage and use.  Most cloud computing sites now
support Docker images. So, I will probably set up the generated output so that it
can run in a Docker image as well.  Anyway, there are several books and websites
that offer Docker training.  I used udemy.com and took the "Docker Mastery"
course by Bret Fischer. I supplemented it with the book, "Docker Deep Dive", by
Nigel Poulton.  Between the two, I felt that I go a decent education on how to 
use Docker.

If you want to know about Docker internals and do things inside Docker containers,
you should get a fundamental education on Linux and Bash that is what they are
based on.  I run MacOS which is a Linux like operating system under the hood. So,
I already understood Bash and the fundamentals. 

Back to Docker...

Please look in the individual subdirectories to learn how I run the Docker
containers for the various databases.

To run an sql server, you will need the appropriate image.  Each subdirectory
has a "pull.sh" which will get the image that I used for testing.

When you have the image, you create containers to actually run the sql server.
"run.sh" runs the appropriate server in a new container and "kill.sh" stops the
container and deletes it. When you delete the container, you are also deleting
any data within it. So, this works well for testing.

If you just want to stop the container (ie not lose any data) and restart it
later, you would use the "docker container stop" and "docker container start"
commands. I will leave it up to you to figure out how to use them as a student
exercise.

